Week1

Group formed and named. Selected Scrum Master. We decided to choose car sapce renting system to be our 9900 topic. We explored some useful 
software tools and libraries that we can use for the project. Also, we planned to have meeting every Tuesday and Thursday. As for me, I 
learned some frontend materials like javascript, react etc. I also read the 9900 project proposal specification.

Week2

As a team we decided to use React for frontend, Spring Boot for backend and SQLite for database. Also, we divided our parts for proposal.
Drawing the User interface is my work and I drew one third at the end of week2. For Week3, I plan to finish the UI before my tutorial, 
learn and review what I have learned on COMP6080 which is a frontend class. If I still have more time on week3, I will try to write some pages. 

Week3

Finished project proposal before the deadline. As for me, I drew the whole UI pages and flow diagram. After drawing the UI, I‘m more familiar with
our project and build the basic structure with it. In Week4, we will try our best to finish the sprint 1 tasks in jira and I will write UI pages 
based on the UI sketch. 

Week4

This week, We started to code the Sprint1 part. It seems not bad during the coding session. I started to code the UI interfaces based on sprint1,
because of limited time，I focus more on functionality rather than aesthetic. I found that I still need to learn more.

Week5

Finished Sprint1, demo1 and retrospective. After presentation on tutorial, we found that some details we didn't notice like password constrain 
and pop up messages. We need to focus more on details and try to make our website more user-friendly. Also, as for me, I need to think about 
details in User Interface also. 

Week6 

Flexible week. We analysed the Sprint2 tasks. As for me, I start to code the Sprint2 User interface.

Week7
We started to code Sprint2 tasks. During the process, I found that I missed the car space booking page for provider, after discussing with my
teammates, we decided to add one function page in the main page finally. Also, I met a bug that system can't get the user location quickly because 
of the google map external interface, I will try to fix this next week. Apart from that, everything looks not bad. 

Week8
Finished Demo2 presentation. For the Sprint2, we almost finished the main functions. However, there are some details that we don't have enough
time to finish like pop up. I realized that we may need to scheduel more frequently and try to do agility planing. Also, for next week, we will
start to add our novel function which is point-discount system.

Week9
In this week, we added novel functions in our application and fixed some bugs of Sprint2. We will still to find some details to revise next week.

Week10
Finished our project finally. During this project, No matther the ability of coding and team work, I learned a lot. For demo3, which is the last
demo also, our team member pre presentation the day before presentation and practice many times. Also, we finished the report. Have a good time 
in this term.
